# COMP556
Team members: Bowen Yang/by11   Mingke Ma/mm137   Hao Zhang/hz63

Ping-Pong Server:
In Ping-Pong mode, the client keeps sending formatted ping message, with the current timestamp recorded in the message. The server maintain a linked-list, and each node represents a socket for a client. Every node also records a pointer to buffer, the offset of current message(how many chars have been received/sent), and the total length(to decide if whole message has been received/sent) of message. The server keeps checking if any file descriptor is ready using select. If there is any file descriptor ready, loop through the list and see if server can receive or send any message. If finish any receiving, mark the node as ready for sending. If finish any sending, initialize the node. To make server able to deal with multiple clients at the same time, the server use non-blocking mechanism for receiving and sending.To test the client and server, we use many printf() in server to make sure the work-flow and the data received is correct. We also record the timestamp of sending a ping message and compare the timestamp with the received pong message to see if they are equal. We test concurrency by linking the server with multiple clients at the same time.

Web Server:
For the Web Server part, we basically unpack the web request into two parts: command and the directory the request trying to access, and send legal files back or send corresponding error message in the header back. We used both Chrome and curl operations to test all cases. One thing worth noting is that when accessing the server via a browser, make sure you access the server via traditional http instead of https, the latter will cause the server break down as we could not decode the https requests. In our project I have created an index.html and a subdirectory files with a hi.txt inside for testing.
